{\rtf1\ansi\deff0 {\fonttbl {\f0 Times New Roman;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;}
\f0\fs24 
\b PATHOLOGY REPORT\b0\par
\par
Patient: Wilson, David\par
DOB: 03/22/1965\par
MRN: 567890123\par
Procedure Date: 2024-01-19\par
Report Date: 2024-01-21\par
Pathologist: Dr. Lisa Thompson, MD\par
\par
\b CLINICAL HISTORY:\b0\par
58-year-old male with history of chronic atrophic gastritis. Upper endoscopy revealed suspicious gastric mucosa with irregular nodularity in the antrum.\par
\par
\b SPECIMEN:\b0\par
Gastric antrum biopsy, multiple fragments\par
\par
\b GROSS DESCRIPTION:\b0\par
Multiple tan-pink tissue fragments measuring 0.1 to 0.3 cm in greatest dimension, submitted in formalin.\par
\par
\b MICROSCOPIC DESCRIPTION:\b0\par
Sections show gastric mucosa with moderate chronic inflammation and intestinal metaplasia. The lamina propria contains increased lymphocytes and plasma cells. Surface epithelium shows reactive changes with enlarged nuclei and prominent nucleoli. No dysplasia or malignancy is identified. Helicobacter pylori organisms are present.\par
\par
\b DIAGNOSIS:\b0\par
1. Chronic active gastritis with intestinal metaplasia\par
2. Helicobacter pylori infection confirmed\par
\par
\b RECOMMENDATIONS:\b0\par
- H. pylori eradication therapy\par
- Follow-up endoscopy in 6-12 months\par
- Consider surveillance protocol for intestinal metaplasia\par
\par
\b ICD-10 CODES:\b0\par
K29.50 - Chronic gastritis, unspecified\par
B96.81 - Helicobacter pylori infection\par
}